wait I'm looking for my keys I'm looking
for my keys I'm looking down by my knees
just the blow monkeys looking for
monkeys what I got a missed call I'm
about to just hit a call all y'all
people into the phone yo mrs. Meade a
key down with the bone yo I'm about to
just rock on the phone yo so tell me
what you
yes we had a good day training hello
little squirrel yeah I don't know Jah
Rastafari what you choose to call it
even the ancient bones know that God has
many names we're about to go to italia's
birthday party just real fast say hello
and then I have to get to the Detroit
wazza flow pro tryouts all right keys
all right I'm running up to say hello to
Talia real quick hey hi sweetheart let's
tell it where's where's Talia you guys
tell you what up I gotta go what up
birthday girl haha hi gotta go I'm
running late for a tryout pro tryout
round I just had it in my hand when I
left the house oh yeah we'll just try
everything huh what up the matter huh
yeah but I wanted to do you still have
that jacket huh relax or whatever
whatever it still run marshmallow I
gotta go all right how much white hi how
are you hi I gotta go Mike I gotta go
love you guys let later balance you know
probably but I gotta run all right later
later buddy
all right where it was at sotto tryouts
I'm gonna go get into the coaching mode
I just had to take time off the velocity
V piece she seems to find it quite
hilarious Sam hungry I wasn't was
tailing when cooking East but what's
more poised what's better eat food or
play soccer the place I could and I
chiasson I'm going hungry stomach right
now that's a smart man I'm faster that
way right on my feet like I like all
right well go to keep going brother oh
it's my beautiful but keep going hey
going to they put pressure on you right
that's what happens with inexperienced
subbing you guys got to pay attention
haha yeah
oh yeah
great blah